Who We Are 
MAGiC is an invitation-only thought leadership community of accomplished business leaders who learn from and contribute to one another’s practices. 
	Our limited size allows for meaningful interaction on professional and personal levels. Sessions usually include about two dozen members on a single Zoom screen. Business and marketing are broad and fast-changing, so we value the opportunity to get or stay current with new learning. We believe that great marketing should be fun and celebrate the best we can be.  
We bring collective experience from working with companies such as Accenture, Amazon, Blue Cross, Chevron, Citibank, Deloitte, Dow Chemical, E&Y, Expedia, Google, IBM, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, Lending Club, LexisNexis, Microsoft, P&G, Siemens, T-Mobile, and myriad smaller companies, as well as nonprofit organizations.  
	What We Do
Our weekly Friday meetings (1 pm ET) focus on one or a few members or an outside speaker sharing a topic of their expertise.
	Other sessions allow all members to contribute their experience or opinions on a common topic, including ‘open mic’ or mastermind sessions. We benefit from learning from an expert in a topic in or adjacent to B2B or B2C marketing, and the presenter(s) get to share their expertise with several dozen senior colleagues.
	Why We're Together 
Our goal is to foster strong relationships and trust among some of the top marketers in the country. 
	We started in spring 2020 as a friendly gathering of marketing professionals seeking connection in the pandemic. We’ve become a community of ~100 caring colleagues looking to support and learn from each other beyond the pandemic. We seek to grow our relationships by learning more from and about each other each time we meet. We have no interest in becoming a much larger or commercialized group. Quality trumps quantity every day.
	Where / When We Meet  
When: One hour every Friday at 1 pm ET / 10 am PT
Zoom Link: bit.ly/zoom4MAGIC  


Where to Access Our Community Resources
Calendar, Member Profiles, Past Topics:        bit.ly/theMAGiCcenter
Past Presentations Recordings:                 bit.ly/MAGICrecordings
Past Presentation Decks:                        bit.ly/MAGICdeck
Private LinkedIn group:                                 bit.ly/MAGICLinkedIn
Weekly Zoom link:                                 bit.ly/zoom4MAGIC


To get on our coveted weekly invitation list, contact:        howard@redroostergroup.com


Sharing at MAGIC
How We Share 
Sharing your expertise and experience is a gift to the community. Thank you for investing your time and effort to let us appreciate the  lessons you have learned. 
	We are a community of similarly gifted and experienced professionals. We believe that we get by giving. This is our focus and primary activity. Many members report that they have benefited from referrals or resources from others. 
Our sessions are designed to engage everyone, build community, tap into the experiences of our own members, and inspire and challenge us with outside perspectives, so we end the hour better than we started.  
MAGiC is not a “networking” group. As a result, “making a pitch” is counterproductive and will diminish your own MAGiC. We think of you more highly than that! 
Considerations
* Not a Pitch: The group is a community, not a 
sales opportunity.
* Seasoned Audience: Members are experienced marketers seeking advanced insights.
* A Community Conversation: Sessions are interactive, with about 20+ MaGiC members attending each week.
* Transparency: Share behind-the-scenes details 
and lessons learned.


	Before You Share  
   1. Arrange a date with Leslie Lawton (ll@connectedcom.com), who graciously coordinates our calendar. 
   2. Three weeks before your scheduled date, send:  
• A brief description of what you will share and what the audience will gain from it. 
• Your bio (1 or 2 sentences)
• Headshot or other image (book, etc.)
• Links to your LinkedIn page, webpage, book, etc.


Please send this to Leslie and to Howard Levy, who publishes our weekly newsletter. ll@connectedcom.com, howard@redroostergroup.com
   3. On the day you present, please sign on 10 minutes early to ensure our tech is in sync. 
Let us know if you prefer to take questions/comments at the end or during your share.  
Consider joining us a week or two before you present to get a feel for the community and how we engage. Most of all, come to enjoy meeting lots of great people who are looking forward to hearing from and getting to know you. Please think about how we can help you!